doc: update docs so information is in one place (#613)
stravalib/stravalib: README.md

## Dependencies

- Python 3.9+
- [Setuptools](https://pypi.org/project/setuptools/) for building stravalib
- Other Python libraries (installed automatically when using pip):
     - [requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/),
     - [pytz](https://pypi.org/project/pytz/)
     - [pint](https://pypi.org/project/pint/)
     - [arrow](https://pypi.org/project/arrow/),
     - [pydantic 2.x](https://pypi.org/project/pydantic/)

## Installation

stravalib is available on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/stravalib/) and can be installed using `pip`:

`pip install stravalib`

## Get started using Stravalib

Most of the methods that you will use with stravalib are in the `stravalib.client.Client` class.

You may be interested in the following tutorials to get started

> 1. [Instructions on creating
> an app with Strava - we will be updating our docs with this information soon.](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/accessing-user-data-via-the-strava-api-using-stravalib-d5bee7fdde17)

Author: ```suggestion
1. [How to create
a Strava app.](https://stravalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/get-started/authenticate-with-strava.html#authenticate-with-the-strava-api-using-stravalib)
```

* [Build our docs](https://stravalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing/development-guide.html#documentation)
* [Lint and format our code](https://stravalib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing/development-guide.html#code-format-and-syntax)

`$ make -C docs html`
### Building from source

### Building from sources
To build the project locally and install in editable mode:

To build the project locally in editable mode,
access the project root directory and run:
1. access the project root directory
2. run:

```bash
$ pip install -e .
```

To execute **unit - or integration tests** you will need to run

```bash
$ make test
```

## Local Tests

To run **end-to-end** tests you will need to rename _test.ini-example_ (which you can find _<your-root-proj-dir>_/stravalib/tests/) to _test.ini_
In _test.ini_ provide your _access_token_ and _activity_id_. Now you can run

```
shell$ pytest stravalib/tests/functional
```

### Pull Requests and tests

Please add tests that cover your changes, these will greatly reduce the effort of reviewing
and merging your Pull Requests. In case you need it, there's a pytest fixture

> `mock_strava_api` that is based on `RequestsMock` from the `responses` package. It prevents

Author: All of this is now in our docs! So let's just link to that section.
